README.md, before:

# Triton Droids Humanoid Robot Simulator

Official repository for **Triton Droids** simulations.

## Installation and Configuration

Please refer to [setup.md] for installation and configuration steps.

## Project Overview

This simulator codebase provides a platform for:

- **Train**: Use the MJX simulation environment to learn a policy that maximizes the designed rewards.

- **Play**: Play the learned policies in the simulator, and return an evaluation metric. (IN PROGRESS)

- **Sim2Sim Transfer**: Transfer learned policies from one simulation environment to another to improve robustness and generalization of the agent. (IN PROGRESS)

- **Sim2Real Transfer**: Deploy the policy to a physical robot to achieve motion control. (IN PROGRESS)

## Code Structure

Here's an overview of the directory structure:

```Markdown
/mjx
│
├── /configs                          # Default config files for env, sim, and rl params
├── /envs                             # Contains all RL environments
│   ├── /locomotion                   # Locomotion tasks
├── /scripts                          # Train, play, evaluate scripts
├── /utils                            # Utility functions and task manager
```

## User Guide

`run.py` serves as the main entry point. The execution environment can be configured using the `instructs.yml` file, allowing users to override default settings. If no instructions are provided the default configuration will run.

### 1. Training

Run the following command to start training:

```shell
python run.py train --env=xxx --framework=brax_ppo 
```

Parameter Description

- `env`: Required parameter; values can be

(DefaultHumanoidJoystickFlatTerrain,
DefaultHumanoidJoystickRoughTerrain)

- `framework`: Required parameter; values can only be (brax_ppo) atm.
- `name`: Name of the run / experiment.
- `checkpoint`: Path to model checkpoint to resume training.

### 2. Play

Coming soon.

### 3. Sim2Sim

Coming soon.

## Future Plans

- **Ros Integration**
- **Isaac Lab**

## TODO

- train a policy and evaluate environment setup
- implement play.py

## Acknowledgments

This repository incorporates code from [mujoco_playground](https://github.com/google-deepmind/mujoco_playground).

Commit message:

[Structure + Docker] unreadable code and container for mjx
Making codebase more readable and scaleable.
Made docker container for mjx.

Container works for main branch.

Future updates:
Finish trainer.py
Finish wandb integration.

README.md, after:

# Triton Droids Humanoid Robot Simulator

Official repository for **Triton Droids** simulations.

## Table of Contents
- [Dockerfiles](#dockerfiles)
- [Using Docker Images](#using-docker-images)
- - [MacOS](#macos)
- - [Windows](#windows)
- - [Linux](#linux)
- [Mounting Directories](#mounting-directories)
- [X11 GUI Forwarding](#x11-gui-forwarding)

## Installation and Configuration

Please refer to [setup.md] for installation and configuration steps.

## Project Overview

This simulator codebase provides a platform for:

- **Train**: Use the MJX simulation environment to learn a policy that maximizes the designed rewards.

- **Play**: Play the learned policies in the simulator, and return an evaluation metric. (IN PROGRESS)

- **Sim2Sim Transfer**: Transfer learned policies from one simulation environment to another to improve robustness and generalization of the agent. (IN PROGRESS)

- **Sim2Real Transfer**: Deploy the policy to a physical robot to achieve motion control. (IN PROGRESS)

## Code Structure
Here's an overview of the directory structure:

```Markdown
/mjx
│
├── /configs                          # Default config files for env, sim, and rl params
├── /envs                             # Contains all RL environments
│   ├── /locomotion                   # Locomotion tasks
├── /scripts                          # Train, play, evaluate scripts
├── /utils                            # Utility functions and task manager
```

## User Guide

### 0. Docker
Please install Docker on your computer.

- [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/windows-install/)
- [Mac](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/mac-install/)
- [Linux](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/linux/)

A docker image exists so that everyone can have the same dependencies and remove said errors. As such, please develop in this container and not on your computer. This way, we can isolate non-container and container errors.

`run.py` serves as the main entry point. The execution environment can be configured using the `instructs.yml` file, allowing users to override default settings. If no instructions are provided the default configuration will run.

### 1. Training

Run the following command to start training:

```shell
python run.py train --env=xxx --framework=brax_ppo 
```

Parameter Description

- `env`: Required parameter; values can be

(DefaultHumanoidJoystickFlatTerrain,
DefaultHumanoidJoystickRoughTerrain)

- `framework`: Required parameter; values can only be (brax_ppo) atm.
- `name`: Name of the run / experiment.
- `checkpoint`: Path to model checkpoint to resume training.

### 2. Play

Coming soon.

### 3. Sim2Sim

Coming soon.

## Future Plans

- **Ros Integration**
- **Isaac Lab**

## TODO

- train a policy and evaluate environment setup
- implement play.py

## Acknowledgments

This repository incorporates code from [mujoco_playground](https://github.com/google-deepmind/mujoco_playground).
